Good afternoon, good evening, good morning people.
So I just want to quick before going to the hands on and and the messaging on each of the
genre
that
the ad si ad use cases
just want to quickly brush up that uh you know,
you all know there are six broader models of genre,
right,
where we are modern engineering platform implementation, modern operations,
migration, modernization,
knowledge transition and uh for delivery service man is yet to come.
Now in this, we will focus on the modern engineering, the very first one.
So
the top two layers is what is going to
focus on the custom si the modern engineering archetype.
The second is the migration modernization, archetype
platform implementation is a follow up session from this
where there will be another session to cover that.
So I will skip that.
So the top two
the
the the key uh you know messaging that we have here is remember
we have five broader things that we want to achieve with Gen Gen,
right? One is living knowledge base.
So you got a living knowledge base, then you have the
hyper automation done with that.
Then the logical next step that we would do is pali
is also
to do a tech depth remediations, right?
So tech depth remediations, how do you do is
with that knowledge base?
We use the, if you look, look at the tickets
or the problem tickets, how do I quickly do a quote?
I don't identify the issues, root causes
and then how do I remedy it?
So you have use cases from that
and you try to maintain and make sure that the application is running fast.
No worries there.
Apparently your broader aspect is to get to the target architecture,
which is how you
modernize it right now migrate in modernization.
The one question is how to migrate us, just get the knowledge
I can just translate it as is
or
apparently I may want to fix issues.
The third thing is I would completely want to modernize.
Now when you come to modernize
with that existing knowledge, you may want to add additional user stories,
you want want to generate user stories or you may completely go with
a green field flow which has nothing to do with migration modernization.
So you have two approach,
you completely want to modernize
it a cloud native architecture or you want
to completely create a brand new system from
from ground.
The second architect is leased but the first architect is predominantly done.
So there you would starting from adding the additional
user studies that is needed for your modernized architecture.
Then you also would generate your architecture
end to end uh architecture.
When I say architecture here,
this there are a few sets of pattern that is supported today.
Of course, there is work being done to support a broader set of patterns,
architecture patterns.
Then you also will be able to generate design documents.
Uh You will, you will have a very low level design documents generated.
You will be able to generate sort code,
you'll be able to generate
uh user interface using the style sheets or with fig screens,
whichever is available,
then you will be able to generate code. Now here is where I just want to touch upon.
There is a broader, you know misconception.
When we say generate code, obviously, you know, people relate to github copilots,
tab
names or you know code of the world,
but
I normally call them as code recommended than a code generator. Why I say that is
uh of course, I'm sure a lot of you have come across the developer's life cycle
where
we have the DS, right?
That's where most of the time the developers
spend their time in the development environment.
So there
you have a code, you have a class file or you have an object,
then you are going to ask questions related to that context.
So for that object for that context is where you're going to get the code remediated
or codes recommended from the get
up
copilots or any of those
pilots or
copilots of the world.
But here when we say generate code, what we mean is
the entire
architectural components, right?
Which is starting from your presentation layer,
your business layer, your data layer.
If your architecture is that
it cuts across all this layer that generates code using your architecture pattern,
your uh design documents and your user stories.
That is how
gene
does code generation.
Then at
the same time, we partner with our uh you know, ecosystem and vendors, right,
like Microsoft, which is
Copilot
or uh you know code whisperer
or code of the world.
Now, how we partner with them is that this code is generated right now,
then the developer would take the code, they need to remediate the code.
The code remediation is going to happen at the each function level, class level.
Then you leverage the copilots to understand the code and remediate it.
That's how we partner with them.
Apparently
what the testers will do. They will generate test case,
they generate test scripts, automation, scripts,
test data,
then all gets binded and then you
test to run the whole C A CV pipeline to deploy the application and launch it.
So that is how
from uh uh uh uh from um uh
you know, reverse engineering to modernizing it to a new architecture or you
just a ground you know from ground up Greenfield implementation apps.
So this is what these each of these boxes are
talking about between the modern engineering and migrator modernization.
Two architects.
Yeah. Uh as part of migration and modernization, do you have
an existing use case for uh uh containerization?
Yes, we have done that. So what we do is for a couple of our pilot clients,
we have containerized
when I
say
conization
is a way to deploy it.
But the key is if you have a legacy application monolith,
you want to completely modernize it.
That is possible.
But if your question is only about conization, there are, you know,
definitely no need to follow just a general way,
you can even do an automation way to do it.
But but the key thing here is remember
the the biggest benefit of doing that living knowledge basis
earlier,
we that mean today, most of the applications are in a particular text stack,
the people who implement it will have the knowledge in it.
Of course, there are systems who have got good knowledge base created,
but there are systems where you don't have good knowledge there.
Now, if you have to move to another architecture,
you have to sit and reverse engineer it, then what you,
what what the project does is they again create a set of
understanding all that existing system, then they recreate another, they want
a new architecture
again over a period and that knowledge is also gone because uh how,
how disciplined the projects are are the clients are
to maintain those documentation is a big question mark.
Whereas this living knowledge that we have been
highlighting an area for discussion is
that is the full understanding of your system without any technology dependent.
The power of that is today, you want to completely move into
Kafka
even based architecture
or you completely want to go to
uh uh you know, another could say
a native architecture
or if you want to build it in a zoo native architecture, you pick and choose
with that knowledge,
the whole system gets generated
and
it's not only about generation from there on see,
I normally say whenever you start with a green field or even a new project,
new complete build after you sprint zero or sprint one for that matter.
Once the first version go to even a devo
test environment,
it becomes brownfield from there because you already have
a system in place though it may not have hit
the production.
Any subsequent c that comes is going to be a brownfield for that,
right?
So which means any change that happens on that system,
the data goes back into knowledge base.
So which means at any point, my living knowledge base is the
secret source of my application
and I can choose what my target
AA and tomorrow change
very easily. That that's a whole differentiator that this brings up.